STEVE: COME ON, TERI. YOU READY?
TERI: I'M READY.
STEVE: 20 SECONDS ON THE
CLOCK, PLEASE. NAME SOMETHING A
WOMAN LIKES IN A MAN THAT
STARTS WITH THE LETTER "M."
TERI: MUSCLES.
STEVE: ON A SCALE OF 1-10,
HOW POPULAR WERE YOU IN HIGH
SCHOOL?
TERI: 5.
STEVE: NAME AN OCCUPATION WHERE
A PERSON USES A BRUSH.
TERI: HAIRSTYLIST.
STEVE: NAME SOMETHING A MARRIED
COUPLE MIGHT WANT TO HAVE TWO
OF.
TERI: CHILDREN.
STEVE: NAME A COLOR OF BEAR.
TERI: BROWN.
[DING DING DING DING]
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
STEVE: ALL RIGHT. ALL RIGHT,
TERI. LET'S GO. NAME SOMETHING
A WOMAN LIKES IN A MAN THAT
STARTS WITH THE LETTER "M." YOU
SAID...
YOU LIKE THEM BIG, OLD MUSCLES.
SURVEY SAID...
TERI: WHOO!
STEVE: ON A SCALE OF 1-10,
HOW POPULAR WERE YOU IN HIGH
SCHOOL? YOU SAID...
5. SURVEY SAID...
TERI: WHOO!
STEVE: NAME AN OCCUPATION WHERE
A PERSON USES A BRUSH. YOU
SAID...
HAIRSTYLIST. SURVEY SAID...
TERI: WHOO!
STEVE: NAME SOMETHING A MARRIED
COUPLE MIGHT WANT TO HAVE TWO
OF. YOU SAID...
CHILDREN. SURVEY SAID...
TERI: WHOO!
STEVE: WOW! NAME A COLOR OF
BEAR. YOU SAID...
BROWN. SURVEY SAID...
WHOO!
TERI: HA HA!
STEVE: JOEL...
YOUR WIFE'S PRETTY SMART.
JOEL: OH, YEAH.
STEVE: SHE GOT 176.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
JOEL: THE PRESSURE'S ON ME.
STEVE: JOE--THE PRESSURE'S ON
YOU IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT. YOU
NEED 24 POINTS. IT'S GONNA BE
A LITTLE BIT TOUGHER THIS TIME,
SO I'M GONNA GIVE YOU 25
SECONDS. YOU READY?
JOEL: READY.
STEVE: ALL RIGHT. LET'S REMIND
EVERYBODY OF TERI'S ANSWERS.
25 SECONDS ON THE CLOCK,
PLEASE. TELL ME SOMETHING A
WOMAN LIKES IN A MAN THAT
STARTS WITH THE LETTER "M."
JOEL: MUSTACHE.
STEVE: ON A SCALE OF 1-10,
HOW POPULAR WERE YOU IN HIGH
SCHOOL?
JOEL: UH, 10.
STEVE: NAME AN OCCUPATION WHERE
A PERSON USES A BRUSH.
JOEL: UH, MODEL.
STEVE: NAME SOMETHING A MARRIED
COUPLE MIGHT WANT TO HAVE TWO
OF.
JOEL: KIDS.
STEVE: TRY AGAIN.
JOEL: DOGS.
STEVE: NAME A COLOR OF BEAR.
JOEL: WHITE.
[DING DING DING DING]
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
MUSCLES.
STEVE: YOU NEED 25 POINTS.
NAME SOMETHING A WOMAN LIKES IN
A MAN THAT STARTS WITH THE
LETTER "M." YOU SAID...
MUSTACHE. SURVEY SAID...
AUDIENCE: AWW.
STEVE: MONEY. MONEY WAS THE
NUMBER ONE ANSWER. ON A SCALE
OF 1-10, HOW POPULAR WERE
YOU IN HIGH SCHOOL? YOU SAID...
10. SURVEY SAID...
AUDIENCE: AWW.
STEVE: 5 WAS THE NUMBER ONE
ANSWER. NAME AN OCCUPATION
WHERE A PERSON USES A BRUSH.
YOU SAID...
A MODEL. SURVEY SAID...
AUDIENCE: OHH!
JOEL: HO HO HO!
STEVE: PAINTER WAS THE NUMBER
ONE ANSWER. NAME SOMETHING A
MARRIED COUPLE MIGHT WANT TO
HAVE TWO OF. YOU SAID...
DOGS. SURVEY SAID.
AUDIENCE: OHH!
JOEL: HA HA HA!
STEVE: CARS WAS THE NUMBER ONE
ANSWER. NAME A COLOR OF BEAR.
YOU SAID...
WHITE. SURVEY SAID...
JOEL: OHH!
STEVE: BROWN. BROWN WAS THE
NUMBER ONE ANSWER.
WELL, $5.00 A POINT, 960
BUCKS, BUT THEY'RE COMING RIGHT
BACK ON "FAMILY FEUD."
I'M STEVE HARVEY. WE'LL SEE YOU
NEXT TIME.